Thunderbirds remains one of the best television series ever made, be it in Britain or anywhere. The premise of an organization, International Rescue, tasking itself to save lives in extremely dangerous circumstances is a solid one, and combines with elaborate sets, props, and SFX, all held together by lovely characters - billionaire ex-astronaut Jeff Tracy, his five sons, a lovably nerdy engineer nicknamed Brains, elegent Lady Penelope (the TV episode "Atlantic Inferno" explores her relationship with widower Jeff, and brings to the fore her unspoken role as Jeff's surrogate wife and mother of Scott, Virgil, Alan, Gordon, and John) and her ex-con butler Parker, whose Cockney accent (beautifully played by David Graham) remains engaging. With the international success of Thunderbirds came two theatrical releases. It is shameful that neither movie made much box-office impact, for they both are elaborate and entertaining. Thunderbird Six, released in 1968, is the better of the two movies, combining a strong script with the usual strengths of the show - immortal voice performances by Peter Dyneley, Shane Rimmer (an American-born actor who has appeared in countless British films and TV episodes - such as his role as the US submarine commander in the James Bond film Spy Who Loved Me - Shane Rimmer's voice performances would put Janet Waldo, June Foray, or Mel Blanc to shame), David Graham, Sylvia Anderson (the creator of the characters and at the time the wife of the project's producer, Gerry Anderson), and Matt Zimmermann; lush music by Barry Gray; elaborate effects and miniature work. Members of International Rescue have been invited to the maiden round-the-world flight of Sky Ship One, a high technology airship deliberately built to bring back the joy of passenger dirigible flights, flights ended with the Hindenburg disaster of 1937.  The ship was the brainchild of Brains and built by New World Aircraft, whose president knows the Tracy family (the film makes no mention, but it would seem that New World Aircraft is also one of IR's primary equipment suppliers).  Just before the flight is due to begin, the crew of the automated, jet powered dirigible is gunned down and replaced by killers, led by a thug named Foster (voiced by Gary Files), working for a mysterious being know only as Black Phantom (the show's archenemy The Hood, wearing a bad hairpiece; this is the only Thunderbirds story in which Ray Barrett did not voice any characters; in his place here was Keith Alexander). The voyage involves Penelope, Parker, Alan Tracy, and his girlfriend Tin-Tin.  At one point Foster asks Alan if he and Tin-Tin intend to marry.  Alan says no, explaining that the hardships of IR are too much to impose on a wife.  The scene is charming, though it involves a bit of a gap in logic, given that Alan and Tin-Tin already live together on Tracy Island; but then marriage would change the dynamic of their relationship. Meanwhile the hijackers have bugged the entire ship, and record many conversations among the Tracys and Penny.  The purpose is to painstakingly edit together a bogus distress call designed to lure IR into range of The Hood, so he can steal their craft and use their technology to gain power.  Steadily the family wises to the plot, and are barely able to warn Scott and Virgil of the trap.  A gunfight on Sky Ship One ensues, damaging the ship's floatation system and sending it crashing onto a one-thousand foot tower at a missile base. The film contains an interesting subplot exploring the character of Brains.  Denied permission to accompany the others on the voyage, he is tasked with creating a Thunderbird Six for IR, but all his designs are rejected.  His mounting frustration is meant to be comic relief (he trashes every model he builds) but is actually painful to watch; it is burnout to an extreme, something we all have felt at one time or another. The voyage takes the Tracys to many places visited over the course of the TV series - from London (the episodes Trapped In The Sky and Vault of Death) over the Atlantic Ocean (Atlantic Inferno and Operation Crashdive) over New York City (Terror in NYC), over the Grand Canyon (Brink Of Disaster), to Africa (Pit Of Peril; the film even uses a quick cue from Peril's "March of the Sidewinder"), and the pyramids of Egypt (The Uninvited and Desperate Intruder).  One enjoys the voyage to so many places as though we ourselves are part of it. Despite some weaknesses in pace and plotting, the film is solid and worth a look.
A very pleasant surprise, I Robot, brings to the screen exactly what the title implies: Robots-and lots of them!  But that is not the only thing that there is plenty of; it combines action, adventure and comedy, making this movie definitely worth watching.  Will Smith, Bridget Moynahan, and the rest of the cast carry out their performances well, though Will Smith does overdo it with his character's "attitude problem"/ "Chip on his shoulder"etc; it gets tiring after a while, not to mention unrealistic (e.g. being sarcastic and giving the billionaire owner of the robot company a "hard time").  Nevertheless, the setting, the plot, and the special effects are all wonderful, not to mention the ending, which is great.  Therefore, I would definitely line up to watch a sequel!
Just saw UL2 today and while i was on the subject of reviewing that one, i might as well do this one some justice, or injustice since i don't remember liking it. Yes i seen UL years ago...whoopee doo. Ok let me say that the only thing i remember enjoying about this movie was the song 'total eclipse of the heart' (my fave song in the 80s) was playing in the beginning of the movie before victim number one (come on down) ended up being one of the many urban legend deaths to follow. I think that guy who starred in Dawson Creek who can't get katie holmes to fall in love with him happens to be in this movie too and he died an UL death...booyah!! I don't recall of any other stars in this movie but if they were REAL stars, they wouldn't do crappy slasher movies would they? I think this one has better eye candy then UL2 which is probably the main reason why people watch movies like this...to see eye candy victims die.  The song make this one a better movie then UL2 but not much better. Next please...
This movie is a light hearted chick flick. It drags a little at the begining but has a good ending. I liked it because it's hard to find a clean adult movie and this is something I would watch with my younger sister.
What a cute 80's movie!  As an adult I still enjoy it........it had been a long time since my last viewing.  I look forward to showing this movie to my children.  Definitely a magical way to enjoy Christmas time.
This movie seems to have me falling out everytime I see it.This is outright funny. This movie is older that me but the jokes never seems to get old. My favorite part is when the old white lady talks JIVE to the black guy.
Norbit is somewhat of a crude comedy.  It makes fun of overweight people, as well as some rather graphic scenes such as a baby being thrown out the window of a car and rolling down all the way to the front doorstep of the adoption center.  However, it also has some fresh comedy segments that are absolutely hilarious.  The story's about a nerd who falls in love with a girl as a child, only for her to suddenly move away one day and a much bigger and stronger girl becomes his girlfriend instead.  The nerd is obviously terrified of the girl and becomes her boyfriend *only* because he has no choice, haha.  After the nerd grows up, he's still involved in a relationship with the same woman, and lots of jokes making fun of his overweight girlfriend/wife take place.  I like how the family of the woman threatens to the nerd "If you EVER hurt her feelings, I will rip you apart!" scaring the poor nerd even MORE!  He has to worry about his wife along with some members of her family.  One scene even involves the wife making her nerdy husband stay in the basement of their home.  Anyway, one day the nerd gets a surprise visit from the girl he originally fell in love with as a child, and he finds out quickly he wants to be with her... except his wife gets in the way of any possibility of that happening.  Overall it was just a really funny movie that I recommend everyone watches, despite some offensive humor in certain parts.
Jack Benny is almost a forgotten comedian among younger people today.  This movie is probably one of the best comic films ever.  No matter if you have seen it or if you have not seen it, this film is worth watching again  and again.
Fairly accurate as far as tales go, Enslaving gladiators, betting, having a young slave boy caring for a dangerous man, his escape was classic.  Coming across Christians Crusaders and joining them, they become lost and drifted into one of North Americas rivers, encountering Native Americans who hide and attack with range weapons, classic again, One-Eye understands they don't stand a chance of survival against a superior enemy, during the "HELL" sequence I can only conclude that the "drink" they imbibe in was probably a mixture of water, honey and magic mushrooms that would continue to grow in a container if it didn't get to hot or cold.  Those mushrooms easily found on both continents.  One-Eyes decision to sacrifice himself in the last sequence, also classic, so the Native Americans would allow the child to live since trying to fight them would have resulted in both their deaths.  The boy either found a ride back home, or just survived on the coastline of North America.  No real mystery to the story, just a bleak reminder that not everything was coming up roses during that time, it must of been during the middle crusades because of the "introduction" of Christianity, and the supersitions involved with both pagan and early christian folks.  Not a bad story about a harsh time in history.  Not a movie for those who "need" to be entertained.  For those who need that, stick to those horrible feel good fantasy movies where the hero always wins.
Great blue ray collection.  Well packaged space saver.  Warning:  The Game of Thrones series does contain a fair amount of nudity and adult situations.
I loved this movie! I have read all four books twice and the first two three times! The movies goes really well with the books witch I love!
This classic movie has great music, car chases and super actors!  Lots of laughs in this one!  I never tire of this movie!
The opening scene of "The Invisible Man," is visually stunning.  The moment when Rains brushes the snow off the sign to when he opens the Inn door is burned in my mind forever.  The coat, googles and bandages create a great retro style.
It seems kind of pointless reviewing a film as well known and often-seen as It's A Wonderful Life, but I would like to throw in what I think makes this film so great:  The performance of James Stewart.  This film has become such a Holiday fixture I think it's easy to lose sight of just what he did in this film.  It's an amazing performance, so full of honesty and emotion.  It's perhaps one of the most real performances ever given on film, and it certainly stands the test of time.  I've read the original story that this film was based on, and as good as it is, the film surpasses it.  It's an excellent adaptation, fleshing out the characters more and adding so much more conflict and detail.  The supporting cast is terrific, with such reliable actors as Lionel Barrymore, Beulah Bondi, Donna Reed, Thomas Mitchell, Gloria Grahame, Ward Bond, and of course, the wonderful Henry Travers.  The story reminds us of the impact each of our lives has on those around us, an impact we might not even appreciate.  And at a time like Christmas, when we think of family and friends, it's something we need to be reminded of.
Tired and tiresome. Lemme get this straight.  They remake the Fugitive with the Star Wars guy and everybody knows the one armed man did it.  Everyone except Al Gore's very old undergrad roommate.  No, this dude will go to the ends of the earth to get his man, taxpayer's rights and flower beds be darned.  So, the audience likes this creep so much, we get a sequel in which he, in an Arky accent, does a hard target search on every backrow, hedgerow, cornrow and Scott Turow to get his man, cost in dollars, lives and dignity be damned.  Oh, yeah, one more thing, IT IS, AGAIN, THE WRONG FLOCKING GUY!!!  We know that because he is a brother and this fossil apparently only shines when he is centeredly in the wrong.  Does no one else find this a tad creepy?  Don't watch this, try something edifying like women's pro basketball.  My public access channels run JUCO women's volleyball.  Whoo Hoo!!!  Good for hours at a time.  This has been a LawDog "I have not and never will see this movie" review.  Not reviewed for typos.
This is a fantastic concert DVD. I just wish I had seen it live when it all happened in Madison Square Gardens  2009
This is a well-crafted French suspense, horror film with a strong female hero and all the blood and gore most horror fans would need. I enjoyed just about everything this film was doing until the end. Essentially a very promising film that had everything going for it until the writer settled on clique, tired plot elements to wrap the story up and cause the audience to lose just about all investment they had in the characters.
These three films are excellent. It remembers a time to us where it had pureness in the love. It was a wonderful time, but it will not never come back.
When I order this product, I could not find a "Full Screen" one for this particular movie. I HATE WIDE SCREEN!!  Wish you would have more Full Screen DVDs/Videos.
I went in expecting a movie that was intended for women.  In other words, a romance comedy, or something similar.  That's NOT what I got.  Instead I got a really good understanding of the amazing amount of stress that fashion models have to go through in order to stay fit and be as close to perfect as humanly possible.  Because of this movie, I found out that the life of a fashion model is NOT just a simple cakewalk, and that these models really have to work to be the center of attention in magazines and whatnot.  Having to go through life this way is not as easy as it sounds.  You have to dress correctly, walk correctly, have a perfect smile, etc.  Not easy at all.  Meryl Streep plays an old lady who has the NASTIEST attitude I have ever seen someone have.  She isn't afraid to speak exactly how she feels, and the entire movie is about the main character (Anne Hathaway) having to stay focused and fit in with the world of fashion models in order to be successful at her job (even though she appears to be out of place in that kind of environment).  I really liked the movie.  I laughed a bit, learned a lot, and thought everyone's performance was spot-on.  Recommended.
Generally, I'm not attracted to movies that carry a war theme.  However,  there are a few of them that have caught my attention and admiration.  This is definitely one of them.  In fact, 'Platoon' and 'Saving Private Ryan' are my two favourites in this genre.
Bravo John Riley !!!!!!! "The Master Drummer"-Mr. Riley's latest educational offering is as complete an educational and inspirational program as any  drummer could ever dream of....This top quality production is divided up into 4 parts.....the information spans from basic to very advanced--presented in a clear logical progression...the demonstrations are impeccable...this dvd is entertaining, informative, and inspiring...AND--John's Dizzy Gillespie story included in the program is worth the purchase price...(curious--HA !--get the dvd!! you'll love it..)--this is a must have for any drummer !!!--this is a must have for any Jazz musician..--!!!! Hey Amazon--5 stars is not enough--can we give this dvd 100 stars? (Steve Barnes L.A> freelance drummer playing and STILL learning for 50 years.....thanks for the lessons JOHN !!!!)
Filmed in real time using actual United personnel and air-traffic controllers, along with a fine ensemble cast of nonpro actors, Greengrass's ultra-realistic tribute to the victims of 9/11 has the jittery look and flavor of a documentary, though it is largely speculative. Most faithfully, we witness the confusion of authorities on the ground as they begin to suspect that not one, but several planes, have been hijacked, then desperately try to scramble F16s and reroute thousands of aircraft after the first jet hits the World Trade Center. Harrowing to watch and horrifying to contemplate, "United 93" is ultimately an important, respectful film about the extraordinary resolve of ordinary people.
Two-star rating is for technical quality, not the merit of this classic Frank Capra holiday film. (DIAMOND ENTERTAINMENT videotapes are dubbed at sub-standard speeds. Caveat emptor.)  Although now a perennial holiday favorite, in first run "Wonderful Life" failed to earn back its $3.7 million cost.  Shortly after its release, the FBI cited this movie's anti-banker plotline as a common ploy used by Communists. There may be some truth here, for the story was partly scripted by Dalton Trumbo, playwright Clifford Odets and poet/critic Dorothy Parker. All three were investigated for possible Communist activities. Trumbo and Parker were both blacklisted. Odets avoided the same fate by cooperatively naming his "fellow travelers."  SYNOPSIS-- After a large sum of his customers' money is inadvertantly lost, businessman George Bailey (Stewart) attempts suicide by jumping off a bridge into an icy river. He's rescued by an angel named Clarence (Travers). In a clever variation of Dickens' Christmas spirits visiting Scrooge, Clarence shows the despairing man how the townspeople of Bedford Falls would be far worse off if George Bailey never existed.  "It's a Wonderful Life" is also available on <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VDDDVO">DVD</a>. (Includes the colorized version.)  Related item: A year after this picture, Cary Grant, Loretta Young and David Niven starred in THE BISHOP'S WIFE. Here, Grant is angel Dudley, come to help Bishop Brougham and his wife Julia. Unlike Capra's often dark tale, this one's consistently light and charming. One of Cary Grant's best movies.  (<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00004XMSN">VHS</a>)  (<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000056HE9">DVD</a>)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (8.7) It's a Wonderful Life (1946) - James Stewart/Donna Reed/Lionel Barrymore/Thomas Mitchell/Beulah Bondi/Frank Faylen/Ward Bond/Gloria Grahame/H.B. Warner/Frank Albertson/Todd Karns/Samuel S. Hinds/Sarah Edwards/Sheldon Leonard (uncredited: Carl 'Alfalfa' Switzer/Meade 'Lux' Lewis/Lane Chandler)
Unlike some other reviewers, I for one think that The Texas Chainsaw Massacre was in dire need of an update.  It is pretty widely accepted that no one will ever be able to match the gritty, documentary-gone-wrong feel of the first one and this movie does not try to.  Instead, it turns a classic story into a visual masterpiece.  While it uses its fair-share of horror movie conventions, it breaks through many of them by not only using blood and gore (trust me, there is still a lot of it) and a simplistic "run for your lives" storyline, but also visually interesting and almost poetic filmmaking.  This movie scared a lot of people, despite that fact that half of it takes place during daytime/dusk.  I think that is impressive in itself.  Leatherface chasing you at night while you can't see 10 feet in front of you and popping out of the dark will always make you jump.  Leatherface chasing you though a laundry line full of white sheets while the sun is still in the sky and you can see everything around you is just darn cool to watch!  In addition, this movie has a great cast.  The hallmark of a TCM film is not only a good Leatherface (which this film has) but a seriously disturbing group of family and friends to match in psychological horror what Leatherface accomplishes in physical horror.  To this end, R. Lee Ermey (Full Metal Jacket) and the rest of the Hewitt family deliver wonderfully sadistic performances.  (If you want to see them take these performances to the next level, check out The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning which focuses much more on them)  Jessica Biel and all of her traveling companions/victims also delver good performances.  Despite that fact that most of them are clearly defined as cookie-cutter horror movie archetypal characters within the first three minutes of the movie, they all deliver believable performances (as far as each of their character-types allow).  In my opinion, this is all you can ask for in a 90 minute scare-fest of a movie like this one.  The fact that the villains are arguably better developed than the victims is in my opinion, a credit to the filmmakers' ability to focus on what interests and ultimately scares the audience.  Put all of this together and you get some seriously disturbing stuff executed through an involving and visually stunning movie.  The documentary about Ed Gein is pretty interesting, too.  This along with the other special features makes the special edition a must-have for any true TCM fan.  Check out The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning if you like this one; or if you wish you could see more of R. Lee Ermy and the rest of the Hewitt family.  It's a little more gritty and less artistic, but a great ride, none-the-less.
I've not looked at the special features yet but didn't appreciate the bit of silliness inserted at the very beginning of the main feature. As for the film itself, it's the best realistic, edge-of-your-seat action drama I've ever seen. Yes, surviving the dive into the dam's spillway is a bit of a stretch, but I suppose it's possible. As rough as that concrete looked a few frames later, don't surfaces that constantly get washed by water usually develop a slick coating? Comparing this to the latest Batman film leaves Batman wanting, in my opinion. In fact, even without the comparison, Batman seemed overly long as I was watching it. Addendum: I've just watched it again and cannot say enough good about it. Instead of the silliness often seen today where twenty and thirty-somethings are all running about stiff-armed with automatic pistols pointed at everyone's head and they're all kung fu experts, you have a brilliant heart surgeon who's systematically solving his own misjudged case. The dive into the dam's spillway is a bit of a stretch but possible, and considering his options, amounted to the only way of proving his innocence -- the alternative was death by injection. Also, when you watch the special features, you learn that the original script included features that would have made the story less credible. I've watched some of the Harrison Ford thrillers that followed and was disappointed. So I consider this one of those gems that only occur once in a while.
Seller delivered as promised and as described in a timely manner -Thanks so much!  A++++
This DVD is fun & brilliant. The days of saying just 'Don't talk to strangers' are over.  It categorizes all people children run into on a daily basis and teaches them to think of these people as one of 3 categories. So, the child learns to identify the person's category, then they know how to react. I learned so much as a parent.  I love that they also go over the fact that just because we may 'know' someone, doesn't mean that we do what they say, you always ask your 'safe side adult'. Big thanks to the creators!
This is an entertaining and beautifully produced film, perhaps not as factual as "Coco Before Chanel" and obviosly this DVD left out some scenes that could have helped to clarify certain points, such as who was Julia (In real life it was her older sister who remained in the orphanage, but how will you know if you haven't read Chanel's bio?) ) and who is that niece suppose to be? Adrienne's daughter? But Adrienne was not her sister, but her aunt (Her mother's youngest sister). And who is the baby that in one scene the Coco character takes to the orphanage? All this I'm willing to overlook, after all, this is a Hollywood product. What really bothered me was that the movie is advertised as having English subtitles, but they are nowhere to be found, and they are necessary in many scenes because the accent of the actress who played young Coco at times couldn't be understood no matter how many times you went back trying to figure out what she said. Although I never bought Shirley McLaine as a French woman and the arbiter of French Fashion, she did a good job as usual. All together, it's worth watching for the scenery and photography,and for those interested in fashion, the final fashion show at the end of the film was quite impressive.
It can be a little scary ordering from the internet. When you order products on Amazon, you can do it with confidence. When I ordered Heathers I was very excited. Talk about nostalgia, so of course I wanted it to arrive when promised. Amazingly enough it did! I wanted to watch it right away so I was very excited that it came in the exact condition it said it would. Perfect! I couldn't ask for a better shopping experience. When I need that hard to find, can't just go to the store to get, I come to Amazon. The sellers are honest(at least the ones I've dealt with) and the service is good. Try finding that at walmart.
I just love this movie. I bought it and I watch it over and over. All the characters are so believable. And it rates right up there as a top favorite. Gene Rowlands, Sandra Bullock & Harry Connick Jr. All at their best.
For several seasons we heard the rumors that Joss Whedon was working on a musical episode of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer," but he was being a perfectionist because it had to be just right. Well, "Once More, With Feeling" (First aired November 6, 2001) is about as right as you can get, with every song grounded in the characters.  Add to that the fact that the music is pretty good and how can any fan of "BtVS" be impressed? How many times did you replay the episode on your VCR before you stopped humming some of those songs? I was humming "Every single night..." for at least a week, but only when I was not insisting people should "Let Me Rest in Peace."  I had three different CD versions of the musical plus the "for your consideration" Emmy videotape of the episode before it came out as part of the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Season Six" DVD collection.  But if for some reason all you want is just the episode, then this DVD is available.  On patrol one night in a Sunnydale graveyard, Buffy Summers (Sarah Michelle Gellar) suddenly starts singing about how she is "Going Through the Motions" as she dusts vampires.  The next morning she finds out that she is not the only one who has been suddenly bursting into song ("I've Got A Theory/Bunnies/If We're Together").  Even the common people are affected ("The Mustard") and the only people happy with the situation are the two lovebirds, Tara and Willow ("Under Your Spell").  But the power of the music forces Xander and Anya to be honest to each other about their fears regarding their upcoming nuptials ("I'll Never Tell") and it does not help Marti Noxon ("The Parking Ticket").  Spike is also brutally honest with Buffy in his song ("Rest in Peace"), while something Dawn leads Tara to discover that she has been under Willow's spell in more than one way.  Dawn is left out of the song ("Dawn's Lament") but not the dance part of the festivities ("Dawn's Ballet") and meets Sweet (guest star Hinton Battle), the demon behind the music ("What You Feel"), who reveals his plans: marry Dawn and let the Slayer dance herself to death.  Meanwhile, Giles comes to the conclusion that he is just "Standing" in the way of Buffy growing up and both he and Tara decide the time has come to leave ("Under Your Spell/Standing - Reprise").  So Buffy is sent off to fight Sweet alone, but of course everybody shows up to lend a hand ("Walk Through the Fire").  There they learn the horrible truth, that they did not save Buffy from a hell dimension but instead ripped her from the eternal bliss of heaven ("Something to Sing About").  It is Spike who saves her from the demon and the ending is rather anticlimactic when they discover it was not Dawn who summoned the demon but Xander, worried about his future with Anya.  The deal is off ("What You Feel - Reprise") and the gang is left to ask the musical question, "Where Do We Go From Here?"  We all knew Anthony Stewart Head could sing from his acoustic versions of "Green Eyes" and "Freebird" (plus "The Exposition Song"), but Amber Benson certainly does a very nice job with both her big number and the reprise, and you have to give Sarah Michelle Gellar points for giving it her best when you know this is not something she is comfortable doing before the entire world. But then we are back to giving Joss credit for writing songs that played to the vocal strengths (or lack thereof) for his cast (e.g., Willow's "most filler" line in "Walk Through the Fire").  That is why Nicholas Brendon is able to do his retro pastiche that is never going to be breakaway pop hit with Emma Caulfield (I love the sound of the crickets chirping before Anya launches into "Bunnies").  Of course, I am preaching to the people listening to the choir here because fans of the show know they really pulled it off in this episode, which was finished #44 on the "TV Guide" and "TV Land" list of the 100 Most Unexpected TV Moments."  The cover art for this DVD was also used on the videotape sent out by 20th Century Fox/UPN/Mutant Enemy to plug "Once More, With Feeling" for the Emmys (as well as on the CD, the script book, and the poster art for the episode).  However, notice that pictures of Spike and Giles have now been added.  Of course, the only nomination the episode received was for Outstanding Music Direction (for Jesse Tobias and Christopher Beck). Oh, and "Under Your Spell" was the song they were pushing for Outstanding Music and Lyrics that was passed over.  We all thought that once Joss Whedon was nominated for his script of "Hush" the Emmy people had recognized what great work he had been doing in relative obscurity over there on the WB. We figured "The Body" would obviously get a nomination, but that did not happen. Then we though "Once More, With Feeling" was a no-brainer, but, ironically, it turns out we were right and the people who do Emmy nominations do, in point of fact, have no brains.
I would have given it 5 STARS, but because Hanks is out of character several times, especially when he cries at the end. Gump would not cry or have those emotions towards his son. The whole film he played Gump as a naive unaware oblivious person, but then all of a sudden they went for the melodramatic moment at the end, which was simply not needed. He also overplays the part sometimes and lacks believability. Watch it a few times and you will see what I'm talking about.  I give it only 4 STARS and most of those go to Zemeckis for his direction of a film that really takes you in some many directions, and work each time.  YES, you have to be an idiot not to know its PURE HOLLYWOOD, but so what? It works!  People that criticize Hollywood films like this most simply do it to be rebellious. You can admit you like these types of films, but still love cult, underground, independent, foreign films etc. Nobody cares if you like Forrest Gump. It's a movie of life, death, victory, failure, love, hare, anger etc. and it manages to encompass all of those emotions well. For those who criticize it, go make your movie and see how yours turn out.
Like Stones' other biopics of american presidents this is very well crafted. Josh Brolin does a great job starring as Bush jr, and in some scenes he is eerily lookalike. The film alternates between the time just before the invasion of Iraq, and episodes from W:s reckless youth. We get snapshots from the White House, Bushs talks with Powell, Rice, Rumsfeld, Rove and, of course, Cheney. The latter being the important man behind it all is being made clear. We also get episodes from W:s alcoholism, his "rebirth" and most important: the relationship with Bush senior. The heart of the story seems to be this relationship, where senior favors Jeb and find Jr hard to deal with, and where Jr feels patronized and so on. Actually I wonder how true this really is, I mean how much does Stone know about this? And isn't it unethical to speculate about another living man's psyche and shortcomings in a major movie like this, even if it it a former president? The events seems a little too recent for that. Of course, Stone doesn't sink to the garbage level of Michael Moore in this, and all in all the portrait is not wholly unsympathetic. Bush is not depicted as a scoundrel or demonised here.
This is one of the great all-time classics!!! And it's now on Blu Ray!!! The PQ and sound are incredible! The extras(lots of them)ARE on a standard DVD,but that's a very minor qibble,an incredible film looking and sounding better than ever on Blu Ray Disc!!! This is a 2 disc set with the film on Blu Ray on disc one and lots of special features on standard DVD on disc two.
This is a great movie that I watched as a child, I purchased the movie for my niece and nephew, and they loved it. If you have a young child that loves the care bears this is a great movie for them to get the full story on how the care bears came together.This is a must have for true care bear fans.
~~I had a previous concert but I love him in this one.  I especially love when he refers to history because he knows we Americans don't do history.  He has the perfect attitude for today's society which is 'me,me,me'.
I've watched this show recently, and it doesn't really feel like anything great. It's got plenty of corny bits ("Got bit by a dog, too."), and the quality, to me, hasn't really held up like that other great '90's cartoon (Batman: TAS, for those of you that dunno what I'm talking about). The show feels stale, and not fresh, but it's worth a nostalgia dip. Kids today probably won't really care about this as much, with the modern Wolverine cartoon being out (why it's Wolverine and the X-Men, I don't know, because every X-cartoon out there stars good ol' Sniktbub). It was cool to see Mr. Sinister and many of the X-Men done in something at last, but for me, the older "Kitty Pryde and the X-Men" pilot is far better in terms of animation and story.  In closing, just get it if you're a nostalgia buff, not an X-Fan.
I started to watch "Babe" once when it first came out on VHS and had gotten rave reviews. I don't think I was in the mood to watch it and thought it was silly. So I only saw a few minutes of it.  Recently, I visited friends and got to watch the whole movie.  It was absolutely wonderful:  funny, tender, heartbreaking, good over evil.  It was sweet and a delight.  I would recommend it to anyone, child or adult, although a child would need to see it with an adult to have some stuff explained.  And a happy ending.  I love movies with happy endings !!!
This visual graphics are great!  The story is great!  The movie is fun and funny!  Just go and get it, quickly!!!
When I first heard of this movie I thought, NO WAY! Deciding to give it a chance was a right move. It was crude and funny through out. I'm sure it offended some. However, I dug it. And I did notice the film throws in a positive message. After being framed for stealing the frat house cash, three dudes turn to drag in order to get back in and prove their innocence. In doing so they must get their hands on a vhs tape that will indeed set things  straight. The promise is a shue-in for setting things up for a comedy with good laughs. Just about every scene provides a belly laugh, chuckle or smile. So for some alternative American pie, have a slice of "Sorority Boys".
I saw this movie a couple of years ago, and, now that I'm old enough to have short term memory myself LOL, I decided to watch it again on a whim. I am amazed at how the film stands up. I saw nuances this viewing that I don't remember seeing in the last. Nolan is doing Inception, due out in July, and the theme sounds similar. I cannot recommend this movie enough. Eventually, you will put certain flashbacks and fast-forwards together and be stunned at the "real" story. Thumbs up!
This movie blew our mines. It made no sense an it exploited on its own by talking about it. The effects were great an acting either really good or so bad it was hilarious. The tire was the best actor. The movie was the ultimate middle finger to hollywood which it achieves easily that an so much more. Trust me when i say Robert will be an icon of the ages. Oh an they should make a sequel an the music rocked man!
Mickey Rourke was sexy. played a controlling ass, but he was cute.  Kim Basinger was so annoying I could scream! at least 3 times she was running in her high heals, and runs like a cow. her hair, her voice... gag me.  as far as sex, OK, the ice cube was sexy. the food at the fridge, hummm, was OK. after the honey - all I could think of was - she really needs a shower.  the bondage was a tease. why didn't he tie her wrists? he blindfolded her, but, I was yelling at the TV - "tie her wrists too, you idiot!" for those of us that do bondage, this was so lightweight that it was frustrating.  he also promised to spank her, and didn't. she needed it - with all her whining.  my dear Norman and I watched this and got a little board. a lot frustrated. and I about couldn't stand another minute of that bleached Blondie's voice. she was just way too white bread for him. a match not made in Heaven.  but, you do get to see a boob. woo hoo! so, watch it for that.  good date movie, helps break the ice, so to speak.
Granted this is not Dan Akroyd nor John Candy's best work, but it is still highly entertaining and I enjoyed it very much.  This film also reminded me what a shame it is that Lucy Deakins doesn't act in movies anymore. When I came across a DVD copy in my local department store at a good price I snapped it up to replace my old VHS version.  My objective in writing this review is to beef about the phony "widescreen" DVD (ISBN 0-7832-2788-4 on the UPC bar).  This is a letterboxed DVD. This wouldn't be so bad if the packaging actually stated the truth (in which case I would have not bought it - I would have waited a bit longer for the inevitable anamorphic widescreen which always seems to come out after they drop the price and sell the old inventory out to the suckers). The package bears a 2006 copyright date for this 1988 movie and says "Widescreen 1.85:1"  for the disk format. No mention of letterboxing.  That really stinks.  The Amazon product description has been amended and now states "Letterboxed". Take note if this is not a format you will be happy with.
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 0:31 Mins  </span>My girlfriends and I really like to party and this DVD has a great effect on the fun we have. I had seen Shadow Dancers on screens in bars and clubs around the country and always thought it to be really cool. Also, when we got into a limo in Vegas it was on in the Limo! But it really got us going when my best friend had it on her big screen at her house party, it loosened everyone up and got the dancing raging, after that is a party to remember;-) Everyone needs a copy of this DVD! What a great gift!
Denzil Washington stars in this high class chiller in which he plays a cop trying to deal with an opponent who could literally be anybody at any time. A good cast including John Goodman and Donald Sutherland provide excellent support. Combine this with a surprisingly clever script and decent direction and you'll find a film that thrills and surprises in equal measures. No more so than the ending which has a lovely twist which I certainly didn't see coming.  Fortunately for us there is no basis in reality for this story. If there was you'd look at people a little bit differently in future. Its also worth mentioning that I shall never hear a certain Rolling Stones song in the same way again after watching this film.  This is a much better film than its fairly obscure status would tend to indicate.
They ruined a great movie.  Like the other reviewers, watching it on cable gives a cleaner/intact version than this dvd.  But for a couple of bucks, its ok for a die hard fan.  Just wish they would release a box set of all the movies.
I really don't get what all the hype is about with this movie.  I was stunned it even won best picture.  As far as Clint Eastwood westerns are concerned, this was near the bottom of the barrell.  The story was difficult to follow and believe, and too pathetic for a western.  The whole movie lacked the teeth of Clint's other gritty westerns.  As far as modern Eastwood westerns is concerned, "Pale Rider" was better and that isn't saying much.  The ending is farfetched and the only good acting in it was done by Gene Hackman.  As far as an Eastwood movie, he's done much better. The academy awards people began a sad trend of giving cheesy-boring movies best picture when they awarded "Unforgiven".  The only other sad awards to top this one were the ones for "Shakespeare in Love", "English Patient" and "American Beauty".  Rent a good-old, Eastwood, spaghetti  western from the 60s and skip this drivel.
Nice DVD.  I just wish there were more moves in it.
Now I should get this out of the way: I LOVE Nightmare Before Christmas. I still love the songs, characters and everything. So when they make the spiritual sequel, you're going to inevitably love it, unless they do something stupid. Well Corpse Bride isn't a failure, it's a bit "resting on laurels" feel. It's of course a visually striking movie but it doesn't feel as innovative as Nightmare was.  Victor is having an arranged marriage with Victoria, which'll bring up the family's money of course. Completely blowing his vow rehearsal, he goes off to the woods to practice and places his ring on a skinny branch. Only it's not a branch but the finger of the Corpse Bride. Taken into the world of the dead, he must deal with not only his new bride's devotion but his intended fiance being married off to a slimy guy(as usual).  Now for you parents out there who are very apprehensive about letting kids watch this kind of stuff, I'd say watch it with them rather than letting it be a babysitter. It can get creepy for kids and there's even morbid things such as a dead resident who literally separates himself. Of course it's animated and there's enough fairy tale qualities to keep it from being disturbing.  Where the film shines is its animation and voice acting. More fluid and striking than Nightmare, it's obvious close to 15 years will improve the artform. And of course we have the upcoming Wallace and Gromit movie which shows we don't need fancy computers to tell stories. In the 5th collaboration with Tim Burton, Johnny Depp has that perfect shy guy voice and is very likable but we also have Emily Watson, Albert Finney, Christopher Lee and Burton's real-life love Helena Bonham Carter.  Now the comparisons between this and Nightmare are obvious and very unwarranted although sometimes there's similarities. Victor goes into the woods where he's introduced to a new world, such as Jack finding the holiday trees. The bride falls apart literally at times just like Sally and Victor has a dead dog only this one isn't a flying ghost but rather a skeletal puppy. But that's like saying Sleepy Hollow is similar in look to Batman Returns. It's the same filmmaker so it's bound to have similar ideas.  It's no Nightmare that's for sure but it's sure a great film overall.
I originally bought because of Roy Dupuis.  This is by far one of the oddest movies I've ever seen.  I wish more time had been spent on John and  'Urs the Nurse' (an inside joke a friend and I came up with knowing that  Kristen Lehman had previous been on 'Forever Knight' portraying Urs a  vampire).   This movie in fact inspired a group of Roy's fans to nickname  him 'Vampire King' because this movie seems to be about an odd vampire-ish  type of guy.  Had the writer and director tried a more traditional vampire  tale instead of focusing on the legless freak aspect, it may have been a  better movie. However, as many have already mentioned, this is pure  b-movie fodder.  It's no 'Interview with the Vampire' or 'La Femme  Nikita', but it you like Canadian productions and Roy Dupuis, it may be one  to add to your shelf.
The long awaited (at least for this author) release of Damage (2009), which was released in the United Kingdom in 2009, made its way to my mailbox recently and I was able to view it in its entirity.  Unfortunately, the expectations that I placed for the film fell slightly short of the product itself.  Steve Austin plays a man paroled after 4.5 years for committing murder, who is confronted by his victim's widow as a person to make financial reparations for her in order to fund a heart transplant for her sick daughter. Working as a lowly construction worker and broke himself, Brickner must side up with the seedy Reno and his beautiful girlfriend Franky in the dangerous underworld of cage fighting.  Although Austin plays John Brickner with some vulnerability, something that marks a keen development in his abilities as an actor since The Condemned (2007), the dialogue is still a bit stilted and the magnificent Walton Goggins (of FX's Justified) does his best but ultimately to little avail.  The fight scenes themselves are mildly entertaining, although Austin sticks mostly to standing and punching, and relying occasionally on his surroundings to get the better of his opponents. Indeed, this story has been told many times before, but perhaps the strongest scenes in this film are the ones where Austin is seen caring for the widow, or when he is offered the opportunity to project Reno from his most dangerous debt collector but at the cost of forgoing the money for the little girl's operation.  Perhaps the biggest problem I had with this film was the meandering of the script, the rushed development of Brickner's predicament and then the equal haste he provides in deciding to trust Goggin's character. Still, this is a positive development in the acting career of Steve Austin. If he can continue to grow, and demonstrate more range, he could morph into a servicable actor moving forward. A good look at his acting future may be the box office outcome for this summer's throw back actioner "The Expendables," which will feature Austin in a one-on-one fight scene with Sylvester Stallone.
Kudos to Ben Stein! This a badly needed and courageous film that exposes the complete lack of freedom in academia -- where the mere mention of intelligent design can places one's career in jeopardy. Also exposes the dark side of Darwinism -- its links to eugenics and the extermination of the sick in Nazism. Equally chilling are the thoughts expressed by one scientist in the film who wants to gradually replace religion with a faith in science.
This movie looked really stupid from the previews and just the basic premise, but I saw it on a whim and LOVED it.  The film has such a great cast of characters, has some very clever comedy, great cinematography, and a very unique visual style.  Director Edgar Wright really proves himself as a very talented director with this film.  Even if you're not a fan of video games, comics, or not part of the demographic that this film was going for, I'd recommend checking it out.
I bought the whole 3 book collection for my 7 year old, but got addicted myself.  I noticed that some reviewers had issues with image clarity, but I didn't notice it on a Sony 46" LCD tv.
***1/2  "Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy" takes us back to those halcyon days of the 1970's, when the hair was as big as the lapels and women were just beginning to assume their rightful place in America's television newsrooms.  Will Ferrell plays a Ted Baxter-type anchorman (is it mere coincidence that his dog is named Baxter?) - vain, narcissistic, none too gifted in the brains department - who has worked for years as the sole news dispenser at a top-rated San Diego station.  All is going well for Ron Burgundy until the station manager decides the newscast needs a bit more "diversity" and hires a female reporter named Veronica Cornerstone (Christina Applegate) to come on board.  Cornerstone is a brainy, blow-dried blonde with a driving ambition to be the first female anchor on network news.  Since most of the men who work at the station, including Burgundy, are dyed-in-the-wool misogynists, Ms. Cornerstone faces an uphill battle of sexist comments, schoolboy pranks, and subtle (and not so subtle) undermining as she climbs her way to the top (though she is not above pulling a few dirty tricks herself to get what she wants).  Things really get dicey when Burgundy and Cornerstone begin dating and quickly fall in love, a situation rife with potential disaster as Cornerstone begins to encroach on Burgundy's professional territory.  "Anchorman" is a light-hearted, enjoyable little comedy that, unlike a full-throated satire (say, like "Network"), often goes for the easy laugh instead of the incisive barb.  The movie is at its best when it is parodying the corny graphics and the tendency to over hype the trivial ("Panda Watch: Day 46") that define modern newscasts - and at its worst when it is indulging in silly, often scatological jokes and slapstick throw away bits.  Like most mainstream comedies, the humor in "Anchorman" ranges from the mildly funny to the downright hilarious, the latter including a clever "West Side Story" parody involving a rumble between rival news teams, and a conversation between a dog and a bear that ends the movie on a ludicrous but knee-slapping high note.  Ferrell (who co-wrote the film) is his usual manic self, unctuous but likable, and Applegate, Paul Rudd, Steve Carell, David Koechner, and Fred Willard do fine work in supporting roles.  Moreover, writer/director Adam McKay provides a smattering of guest appearances from such well known stars as Jack Black, Luke Wilson, Tim Robbins, Vince Vaughn, Jerry Stiller and even Ben Stiller, many of who are not listed in the official credits.  "Anchorman" goes down easily - a bit too easily, perhaps, for a film that, with a little more courage, might have become a scathing satire on an industry that could do with a little merciless skewering right about now.  Still, "Anchorman" is fun while it lasts - and these days we'll settle for what we can get when it comes to laughs.
Monsieur Beaumont has invited Dr. Bruner, Neil, and his fianc&eacute;e Madeleine to his plantation on Haiti to have their wedding in his mansion; however, Beaumont has an alternative motive.  This motive involves a sinister man by the name of Legendre (Bela Lugosi) who runs a plantation where the people work continuously day and night without stopping for meals or sleep.  The question is whether Beaumont can trust Legendre to carry out his part of the deal and not double cross him.  White Zombie is a piece of horror history that should be seen with an understanding of the budget and technological equipment that were provided at the time of production, which provides an enjoyable experience.
From all the other reviews, you'll see this is an exiting slice of Euro Cinema.  It's clever, funny and moving, and it's use of photographs to show  the future of various minor characters is like nothing I've seen  before. What I would recommend though is you watch it with the subtitles  activated rather than listen to the terrible english dubbing.  The voice  actors are particularly wooden and you lose something of the characters'  appeal in listening to them.  I know subtitles can be a pain but it's worth  the effort to hear Lola's real voice, when she isn't running that is!
I don't know who the "powers that be" that control the final cut of these movies are, but they really messed this movie up completely. I mean the story makes so much more sense in this cut and the characters are better fleshed out!! It is really sad what the movie making process did to the theatrical version.  If you thought that the original theatrical cut seemed a little "off" and the story didn't quite make it... Well check this out...
This film is an oldy but a goody. The story line is very rivetting and is based on a story line that is often used now. One race is at war with the other race, they both crash land on a deserted planet and end up  becoming the closest of friends. Very very good,uplifting, exciting, with good special effects,especially when one takes into consideration the fact that the film was filmed in the early to mid 80's.  If you like scifi and are looking for a film for the whole family this is the one for you.
I buy this edition from Italy,because here doesn't exist a DVD edition of this masterpiece... I am really impressed by the realisation of the disc,wich content interesting extra materials and the movie restored in exceptional way with two very interesting audio-tracks more adapted to the movie atmosphere and a very nice animated menus...Really gourgeus edition...
All of my friends have raved to me about this movie, and I finally watched it.  It was just awful!  There is no plotline, no likeable characters, and absolutely no point to this huge mess of a movie.  None of the eccentric characters are even close to funny, and I found myself wondering why in the world they agreed to make this picture.  Julianne Moore is a great actress, but she has absolutely no function in this film.  John Goodman is great at what he does, but in this all he does is run around yelling, bowling, and screaming about Vietnam.  Jeff Bridges just wanders around in his bathrobe for 2 hours muttering "man, ya know, man".  And then there's poor Steve Buscemi - a wonderful character actor normally, but his character here is only allowed to say half his lines before Goodman's character tells him to shut up. And the plot...what plot?  This movie had no development or climax...it just kind of ended, leaving me wondering what other worthwhile things I've could've done in the 2 hours I used to watch it.  But maybe it's just me...my friends sat around and laughed throughout the entire movie, why I will never understand...
After making some great movies in the 50's (Jailhouse Rock, King Creole) with some great actors and directors, Presley again got to act with one of the best in the business in Roustabout. He interacts with Barbara Stanwyck in the movie very well and also sings a couple of good tunes including Leiber and Stoller's Little Egypt. The film also has a shower scene with none other than Raquel Welch! Hal Wallis directs Elvis in this movie. Welcome to Carny Town!
They don't make them like this anymore. Coming to America is easily one of the funniest movies to have been released in the 80's, at a time when Eddie Murphy was on top of his game.  This is the very first movie in which Eddie Murphy tackles several roles at once, and his nuanced performances of each character is nothing less than perfect. Consider that 22 years have passed, and people are still quoting Randy Jackson of Sexual Chocolate, Clarence the barber, and Saul. What is that, velvet?  The film has an amazing cast of actors that play their parts effortlessly, from John Amos as the no-nonsense owner of McDowell's, to Eriq La Salle as the arrogant prince of Soul-Glo. Arsenio's chemistry with Eddie is terrific, and being the real-life son of a Baptist minister made for a pitch-perfect performance as Reverend Brown.  This is a classic 80's comedy that has stood the test of time, and is one of the roles that helped definite Eddie Murphy's career.
I wanted so much to enjoy this new version but what happened to "Truth, Justice and the American Way?"  There is NO American Flag or American Way.  Those of us who were raised in the 50's will understand that Superman was an American hero.  It's not that way any more.  It seems like Warner Brothers went out of the way to make this Superman politically correct.  I can not recommend this film.  Everything that Superman should and did stand for is "No More."  I was very very disappointed.
Any movies distributed by Mill Creek are just terrible quality...the only reason to buy these discs are to increase your library and semi enjoy these old movies!
I'm going to start off by saying that I really enjoy this movie and all of the great reviews are well deserved. The reason I've gone down the middle of the road with my rating is because of the poor transfer. When I buy Blu-ray I tend to expect a great picture. Taken has a little too much grain through most of the movie with the worst scenes being low-light situations (especially right after the construction site scene: at this point it looks like the movie was projected onto a rough tweed backdrop). If the filmmakers did this for effect it was a bad move because it takes me right out of the movie and gets me thinking about stupid things like transfers... Again, I liked this movie enough to buy the Blu-ray  after I had already seen it, I just don't feel like I got what I paid for.
-  Calvin Webber is on prepared guy.  -  I would go NUTS underground!!  I think I would be a lot like Adam's mom.  -  This was a pretty funny movie.  I laughed a lot.  -  I am not a Brendan Fraser fan.  In fact, I usually shun movies he is in, but he was good in this one.  -  Growing up in Genola in my parents house, I kinda feel like Adam sometimes.  For instance, Abbott and Costello are my favorite comedians!  -  I enjoyed Dave Foley's character.  He plays a fun gay man.  I want to be his friend.  -  This was a fun and cute movie.  I enjoyed it, and I thought I wouldn't.
MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS  Put aside the fact that Newt, Hicks, and Bishop did not survive. Put aside the fact that Ripley miraculously ends up with criminals at a prison. Put aside Ripley being impregnated somehow with a queen and committing suicide by falling into lava. Put aside all the silly, idiotic stuff in the script. What the first two movies had that this one horribly lacked was tension. It had gore and grossness, but without the tension, it was as scary as trick-or-treaters on Halloween night.  I loved Alien. I really enjoyed Aliens. After having seen this one, I just choose to ignore it altogether as though it never happened.
bought used but in good conditions. only scratched was on cover. not a big issue for price.was on 99 cent. awesome pricing. awesome product. great movie
It was not an outcome of the casualty that Charlot left us on Christmas days. It had to be on this way, because his message will transcend by far the patina of the times.  The genius is always contemporary.
I saw this on VHS back in '87. A great, scary, thrilling pursuit by a complex cop. Clean visuals and the greatest use of Iron Butterfly ever. This Lecter was better than Sir Anthony's hands down. No silly face masks or props, just pure evil in the eyes.
Mike Leigh is a signature director, possibly the best British director since Lindsey Anderson. Like Anderson, Leigh has that magic touch for seeing people clearly and persuading his actors that they don't need to act. He already has a half dozen little masterpieces behind him, including numerous stage plays. My favorite is a little gem called "Naked" which opens in a bedroom when two young lovers are looking for that necessary "after" cigarette. They then sit , naked, and smoke. This is the good stuff, just the sort of thing never done in Hollywood. "Vera Drake" didn't do it for me this time, however, as I didn't believe in her feigned innocence and I didn't accept her claim to being a good deed doer. It is not just a matter of the politics of abortion; it has to do with the politics of taking responsibility.
This movie is one you can set down with you family and enjoy.the movie will touch your heart.and your kids will enjoy watching with Mom and Dad.I have watched it 3 times.don`t miss this one. ENJOY.
A sexy but unstable forest ranger named Danny (Cerina Vincent - the naked chick from Not Another Teen Movie) who recently lost a friend seeks refuge within a Smirnoff bottle.  Along with a hilariously prophetic and verbose parrot named Hoppy (who steals every scene), and an underdeveloped love interest with a barely post-pubescent pseudo Jake Gyllenhal, she has various responsibilities, to include searching for lost hikers or the bodies of a massacred archaelogical dig.  Little does Danny know - mostly because she's a morally loose, easy, drunk emotional wreck - that the college archaeologists unearthed an alien, skeleton zombie (ASZ) of some kind.  In the words of Hoppy before every tense scene, "Uh oh."  With a complex understanding of electronics, engines, and a rudimentary concept of pulley-based booby traps, ASZ is a formidable foe.  Factor in the strength to lift a jeep, the ability to jump 20+ feet, and claws that make Freddy's knives look like a fresh manicure, and there's a guaranteed gutting on the horizon.  Oh, it gets better.  My boy FASZ (Freddy Alien Skeleton Zombie) alos likes to leave mangled and decapitated body parts for survivors to discover, and voyeuristically watches their shock from behind a row of trees (think flaming bag of poo on the doorstep, but for psychopathic monsters).  Playful AND murderous!  Look for the corpse dinner table and the anal Indian impalement scenes; they're a hoot.  I won't ruin the ending, or spoil the surprise, but the lead up to the final battle involves a rural alarm system of tin cans on a string, some of the worst marksmanship in cinema history, and a ridiculous Native American mumbo-jumbo lecture about cross-dimensional demons or something.  Overall the production, music, sets, scenes, and gore are fairly well done.  Nothing spectacular, but nothing incompetent.  Cerina Vincent is beautiful throughout.  The only downside of the movie is final unveiling of the monster, which looks so much like the Jeepers Creepers beast that this may as well have been the prequel.  Overall, it's lacking true scare, and most of the typical horror fare, but it's still enjoyable enough for sadistic horror fans to cheer for FASZ.
Thanks for this DVD. Now we all know at least that the background of "The Lord of the Rings" is the world war and no longer just a fantasy story. Endless scenes of fighting, bombing, Hitler (Sauron), factories, soldiers and all this between Germany (Mordor) and the rest of the world (Shire) is never ending. J.R.R. Tolkien made clear that he had the idea with the ring, the fight, between good and evil in his head before the war even started. The whole story is strongly linked to the hobbit.All I can say "what a waste of money!!!" If your a real fan of the movie please don't buy it !!!!!!!
this 1932 Gangster film is probably the Granddaddy of all Gangster film.but it really isn't a Gangster picture.it doesn't glorify organized crime/the mafia at all.in fact,it takes the opposite view.sometimes it's as if you're watching a public service announcement or a political campaign to rid the the city/state/country of the mob.it's as if the actors are actually speaking directly to the audience.and maybe they were.regardless,there's no question how powerful the movie is,and how much influence it has had on all films of the genre.the acting is first rate here.Paul Muni is mesmerizing as Antonio 'Tony' Camonte,the main character.but Anne Dvorak as Francesca 'Cesca' Camonte is also brilliant.of the three big films of this genre that came out around the same time(The Public Enemy starring James Cagney,(1931)and Little Caesar,Starring Edward G.Robinson(1931),in my mind this is by far the most powerful and influential.for me,Scarface(1932)is a 5/5
I watched this movie for the first time last night and I had no idea this movie would be as good as it is. Ewan McGregor is a very underrated actor and he's brilliant as a junkie in this film. This movie really hit me hard showing the despair of addiction. Some people survive it and some don't. This movie is a great depiction of the struggles each character goes through in their fight with addiction. Heroine was already something i would never do but after this movie it shows that its one of the most dangerous things you can mess with. Anyway I was pleasantly surprised at how good this movie is. I enjoyed it more then any Tarantino movie I've seen and those are all excellent films. Trainspotting is definately a winner so go out and see it if you haven't already.
Our family loves this Christmas movie.  I guess that shows how twisted we are!
There really aren't enough superlatives to describe the beauty, power and human drama in this film. The restoration is magnificent, the photography beautiful and the story compelling. Sessue Hayakawa gives a masterful performance as Colonel Saito; easily the most complex portrayal of any Japanese person in WWII movie history. He is completely unable to understand the British sense of honor, since being taken prisoner in the Japanese mindset is the ultimate dishonor. Yet he is also unable to deny that he and his own officers are simply not competent enough to tackle the task at hand, namely to build a railway bridge across the River Kwai -- and do so under a non-negotiable deadline. To fail this task would cause his own public dishonor, yet to yield to the contest of wills with Colonel Nicholson (Alec Guinness), whom he desperately needs to build the bridge, would cause him to suffer a loss of face and deep personal dishonor -- a Hobson's choice. Alec Guinness is simply brilliant in his role -- and simply British. On one level he is the quintessential British colonial master, out to "teach these people a lesson...that will put them to shame". His pride allows him to convince himself that building the bridge is nothing more than a morale booster for his men -- never mind that it furthers the Japanese war effort. He reasons that since he was ordered to surrender that to then refuse to do his captor's bidding might be considered tantamount to insubordination. But beyond doing what is merely necessary, he becomes obsessed with building a bridge that will last hundreds of years. In reality he is constructing a monument to himself, since he is now in the twilight of his military career. William Holden gives a wonderful performance as Shears, the only American to witness this contest of wills. He is much more interested in living "like a human being" and avoiding any military duty than dying for such a twisted sense of "honor". However, though, circumstances dictate that he become the proverbial reluctant hero. There are so many other outstanding touches and performances in this film that to describe them all would take more time than it would to simply watch it. In this case, one picture is truly worth a thousand words. See this movie.
Sure the story is not very deep, and relies on some convoluted coincidences (how come no-one can work out Crockett and Tubbs are policemen despite the number of times they meet their colleagues in the open?), and Colin Farrell looks like a cheap Mexican bandit.  But that's not the point.  Miami Vice is about the emotional commitment of the lead characters to their job, and works by creating the mood and being honest to the style and feeling of the TV series.  If you are going to live in a shady world, it says, at least its fun to do it in a shady world full of sunshine and fast cars. "You would hate this if it only had slow cars and boats" my wife said.  But no - maybe it would be less exciting on one level, but it would be no less emotionally honest, and would still touch the right buttons.
Is Larry an actual redneck, or is it all really a joke inside "Larry's" mind?  I sometimes think that Dan Whitney (Larry's real name) knows what he's doing.  I think he is actually making a huge joke out of the rednecks who are totally in love with him.  He is openly mocking them, and when they might get a tad uncomfortable, but then he'll drop a politically incorrect joke into the routine, and they love him again.  Dan/Larry started out as a "normal" comedian (there's footage of him on youtube before his Larry incarnation), and wasn't really getting anywhere with that.  So he became a redneck, and is a multi-millionare now.  But all his redneck fans think of Larry as a "regular guy", despite the fact that Larry lives in one of those fancy houses that rednecks think only NYCers live in (for the record, NYCers don't all live in fancy houses.  There's a lot of working class people in NYC who live in regular houses and regular apartments).  So Larry is taking advantage of illiterate, easily amused rednecks.  Just put on a flannel shirt, fart, wear a Confederate flag, and say you hate liberals, then fleece the rednecks!  I don't think Larry really has a redneck mentality (even though he's originally from Nebraska, so he has some hillbilly cred, so to speak).  I think he's just making a ton of money off of easily amused people.
I've seen this film several times, and it never fails to draw me in and keep me on the edge of my seat.  For a TV movie, the technical mastery present is amazing. The camerawork, the sound effects, the editing are all superlative, and the pacing is perfect. Consider the challenge: Speilberg and Matheson had to take an extremely thin premise--businessman pursued/terrorized by trucker--and get ninety minutes out of it. Adding to the challenge, the main characters can't communicate with one other, and the central character is by himself, so the opportunities for dialogue are pretty spare.  Which is what makes this a masterpiece more than anything else. Spielberg was forced to tell the story visually, almost as a silent film (although the sound effects add quite a lot to the tension).  Overall an intelligent, though-provoking film.
4 times. 4 times I started to watch this dvd. 3 times I fell asleep before the end of the first sequence. The 4th time I just turned it off. I couldn't watch any more, and I never did get more 5 minutes into the second sequence.  The story line is thin and predictable. The acting is weak with the oh so bad forced dialogue. The CGI's are all substandard at best. The fight scenes are so bad you could see a foot of space between the characters who were supposedly getting hit. This whole thing is not convincing in any way shape or form.  Don't get me wrong. I am not the kind of person to dole out bad reviews. I like most fantasy fiction and much science fiction and appreciate it for where it originated and how it is done. This dvd just turned me off.  I would not recommend anyone to buy this. Maybe rent it first and then make up you own mind. I wished I would have, as it would have saved me not only my hard earned cash but the pain of starting something 4 times that could not be finished. Next time I have a hard time falling asleep I'll pass on the drugs and just slip this in the player. I have no doubt I'll be getting my zzzzzz's within the hour.
This movie illustrates all the good things that were brought to filmmaking through the influence of music videos in the 1980s. The sequences shot at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona are amazing. Cinematography by Jordan  Cronenweth is wonderful during those color sequences. The music is great  throughout. Many people argue that MTV and music video directors hurt the  film industry by over popularizing fast cutting and flashy visuals ( at the  expense of content ) but this movie demonstrates how the best of music  video techniques really pushed the medium of film forward. I grew up in the  1980s and this movie is one of my favorites from that period. I would  recommend it to anyone.
Not quite as good as "Support Your Local Sheriff."  The trailer, by the way, gives away the whole movie!  I hate that!
I got this as a christmas gift for m y dad who is very tough to buy for and a big Mel Brooks fan.  He was like a little kid when I gave it to him!  It made my holiday!  This item was supposed to come after christmas because it required a bit longer to process and i ordered it the week before christmas  so I had to send it to his house but they emailed me to tell me it was processed in time and I had my stepmom intercept it.  I had planned to print the amazon page and wrap it and tell him to look for it in the mail.  Thanks to amazons great service I was able to give him the actual movies and 3 days later my little sister had men in tights as a ringtone  .  Now I just need to get one for my husband and myself.  Great movies you can watch over and over.
I believe this Caillou has substantial puppetry in between the Caillou stories still it's interesting and kids like it.
Great chick flick! Men will love it too! This is the movie to watch when your snuggling up with your best friend!
......It's not in the movie. So just for the record cover 10-movie 2. The film rips off "The Hidden" and David Cronenbergs "Shivers" a.k.a. "They Came From Within" where a parasitic creature passes from one host to another.  To pretend the makers of this film are "original" the creature enters the host through the bellybutton. Also the hosts become ravenously hungry and the one funny scene happens when a cop is invaded and he reaches for the donuts.  The movies major problem is despite an occassional burst of gore the movie is so lifeless and slow.
I wasn't to sure at first about watching it. But I love Jack Black. Then I became addicted to watching it evertime it was on. He was such a different character in here that you couldn't help but love him. Kate Winslet is another person I like to watch also. It's just a great comedy/love story. It makes you wonder if it's really that easy just to pack up,go somewhere for 2weeks and find someone special...
This movie took a very long time to make it to Blu Ray.  So when it did I couldn't wait to upgrade this film from dvd to blu.  Imagine my surprise to find this elegantly written, and beautifully photographed film to be quite grainy, overly contrasty, and drab.  At one point I actually put in my old dvd to compare.  Although it was softer in comparison the blu isn't that much of an upgrade. Heavy sigh.  I believe the marketing term that they used is newly 'remastered'. Extremely hard to believe.  John Toll deserved the Oscar that he won and the film is worthy of a better 'remastering' than the one that is offered here.  Its a huge disappointment to see this movie in Blu.  It is one of the poorest discs remasted in the medium.  Buyer beware.
You will laugh until your sides hurt and you will rewind scenes two or three times ! This film is loaded with catchy phrases and scenes that keep popping into your thoughts and make you giggle, despite your attempts to think of something-else. You will never forget the Butler / House Boy....ever--"Agadore Spartacus" steals scene after scene, as (Robin Williams) struggles to maintain his sanity and composure, while fending-off Emotional Outbursts and Episodes of Self/Relationship Doubt from his transvestite Partner, (Nathan Lane).  The plot revolves around "their" son getting married and not being able to deal with certain "issues," concerning his "parents." He is marrying (Alley McBeal), whose parents are Right-Wing Politicians.... thus, the "Issues."   I have seen "The Birdcage" many, many times &amp; I know children love the movie (they will watch it repeatedly). Couples will find lines from the film invading their daily conversations. When I watch it, with my girlfriend, we have weeks of fun from one viewing!  This is just one of those fun-filled, hilarious films, that even homophobic men can't resist. You will laugh, Nathan Lane will cry....and you will do poor imitations of "Agadore Spartacus" for weeks afterward.  Enjoy !
Not as good as the book.. but what movie is.  That being said it's basically Lifetime movie quality.  I was a little disappointed.  I LOVE the book and the movie just doesn't do it for me.
Excellent plot that held the attention of the audience in pointing out the horror of the concentration camps. The characters are believable and display a chills view of the war.
A very good film likely to evolve into a classic over time. I saw this in a movie cinema assuming my wife and I would be 2 of a handful of people there. The theatre was packed. The film was thoroughly entertaining, filled with both laughter and eye-watering moments. I'd recommend this film to anyone, not just guitar fans. There are too many highlights to list. What was most interesting was the amount of training Jimmy Page received as a youngster. Jack White is quite an intense fellow incapable of the pop riff - its all intense emotion with him. The Edge is the wall of sound I expected he would be - hugely powerful. A great film!
Wow, I first saw this movie in my on-campus theater for fifty cents back in 1973, and laughed my rear end off... my roommate and I never forgot certain scenes.  Fast forward to 2007, when I discovered the paperback book by Colin Higgins in a used book sale.  I bought it, brought it home, and both my teenage kids read it in an afternoon and LOVED it.  I rented the movie this past fall & watched it with my daughter (my son is now at the same college where I first saw "Harold & Maude" 34 years ago, haha!)and we laughed our rear ends off once again, which led to my buying the DVD.  It's a hilarious movie, perfectly cast and I do mean PERFECTLY cast, especially the fabulous actress who plays Harold's mother.  Wow, they don't make movies like this anymore.  Even with Cat Stevens' sometimes-goofy soundtrack, the movie stands up and is still fresh, unexpected, touching without being schmaltzy, and ultimately invigorating, and that's true for me, at 52, and for my daughter at 17.  Highly recommended. By the way, I rated this five stars, but it only shows four, and I can't seem to change it.  But it's five stars.
I am writing in behalf of my daughter Sara!...She liked every part of the movie including ending because it tells and teach for friendship, misunderstanding etc!... She was more happy If It was not ended like was dream!....Ken was so funny, making funny noise like a bee but she liked so much and two fairy stylists!....Working together two fashion rivals (Barbie and Raquelle, they break the Princess spell!...She hated the part when Raquelle ripped Barbie's dress!...(Sorry, If its not any professional review because I am writing her opinion)
Horizont-Stretching etertaiment from  the Author of GIANT (1956) Edna Ferber (1887-1968) .Spaces were neither wide nor or open in most early Sound Western . Not so in CIMARRON , It starts with one of the most renowed giddy-ups in Cinema history : a thundering recreation of the 1889 Oklahoma land Rush . From there CIMARRON , based on the bestselling epic by Ginat (1956) and Show Boat (1951) novelist Edna Ferber , traces the generations-spaning saga of that land . There rugged Yancey Crvat ( Richard Dix 1893-1949) and resourceful pioneer wife Sabra ( Irene Dunne 1898-1990) sink roots , persevere, give shape to their  dreams . It's a saga of change , told with an authenticity that moviegoers wha had lived through that era recognized -and told with a skill that eraned it three Academy Awards including Best Picture . High Quality Transfer. Highly Recommended .
